<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="C_Introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>Metapercept</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm><keyword>Introduction</keyword><keyword>Overview</keyword><keyword>DocManager</keyword><keyword>DocEditor</keyword><keyword>DocPublisher</keyword></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>DITAxPresso is a lightweight interoperability utility for organizations that want to
            share, edit, and publish their DITA projects. As a lightweight system, DITAxPresso
            provides straightforward and easy-to-use paths to manage projects more efficiently. This
            document-sharing platform requires minimum installation steps and administration
            requirements.</p>
        <p>DITAxPresso consists of three applications:</p>
        <ul id="ul_vlq_khg_fwb">
            <li>DocManager</li>
            <li>DocEditor</li>
            <li>DocPublisher</li>
        </ul>
        <p>These applications allow users to manage, edit, and publish their DITA projects. Due to a
            single authentication process, it becomes easy for the users to access them.</p>
        <section id="section_qn1_pfy_2wb">
            <title>Overview of DITAxPresso</title>
            <p>DITAxPresso allows users to manage DITA project version control from GitHub.</p>
            <p>The built-in templates allow you to publish your DITA content in the form of HTML5,
                PDF, and other supporting formats using DITA Open-Toolkit Frameworks. You have the
                options for multi-format DITA content publishing.</p>
            <p>DITAxPresso styles your DITA document as per branding communication needs. Style
                feature customizes the colors and themes of the documents.</p>
            <p>DITAxPresso allows you to select appropriate topics, hide topics, and publish
                selected content.</p>
            <p>DITAxPresso allows you to move the output files to any of the cloud services (AWS-s3,
                GCP, Netify, so on.) links.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
